Hey, everybody!
Welcome back to Boost Your Income
with Bootstrap to WordPress.
This lecture is called Adding External
Scripts to Your HTML Document.
Check it out.
[MUSIC]
At the very, very bottom before
our closing body tag we have some
bootstrap core JavaScript that
we're going to need to add.
So let's add an HTML comment there,
Bootstrap Core JavaScript,
and so that will be placed
at the end of the document.
Let me just get a little.
May as well use the same HTML comment.
Perfect, okay.
So we're gonna need to add a script tag,
and
that script tag is gonna have
some attributes here, source.
And we're gonna load up the version
that is on Google APIs.com website so,
slash slash don't put http or
https, this will do it for you.
It will decide whether to
serve up the secure one or
not, that's just kind
of one way of doing it.
googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.11.1/jq-
uery.min.js.
Now if you're wondering hey Brad,
do you have a crazy memory and
how do you remember all that?
Well, I don't remember all this.
It's just if you download a template
off of the getbootstrap.com website,
all of this stuff is kind of included.
So I've just picked and chosen the stuff
that I want included in our project.
So I actually have something that
I'm just looking at right now and
just typing the same thing out.
So you copy me, I copy my old work,
everybody's good.
Capisce, capoosh.
Script, got another script here.
Source, assets.
This one is actually local.
So what we're doing here is
we're checking here for
the version online and
if we don't have an internet connection
it will default to our local version
"assets/js/jquery-2.1.1.min.js.
Now, you might be wondering, Brad,
we don't actually have J Query
in our assets JS folder.
You're right, so
we need to go ahead and download that.
So just head to Google and
type in Google, jQuery, so
that'll pull up the Google
hosted libraries here.
Open that up, and
it will give you a bunch of
hosted libraries that you can just
utilize Google's servers to serve up.
So you can see all
the available libraries here.
We're going to need jQuery.
That'll pop us down to jQuery.
And you can see here it gives you a couple
of script snippets that you can copy.
We use the 1.11.1, but looks like there's
a new one, so let's just copy that.
And go back to our code editor and
replace this script with the most
up to date one, which is 2.1.1.
We're gonna also need to download jQuery.
So, there's a couple ways you could do it.
The recommended way is just
to go to jquery.com and
download the latest version of jQuery,
which I will do right here.
jQuery 2x.
Let's download the latest
version of jQuery.
So, the compressed production version.
That should be good,
there's J query 2.1.1.
Gonna open that up there.
In our Bootstrap 2 WordPress site here,
in JS,
I'm gonna drag J query 2.1.1 into our
JS folder, we should now have that here.
And this reference should
now be a real reference.
Okay, and then one last thing.
We'll just add it now while we're here.
script src="assests/js/main.js" And
we're going to close that up there.
So we don't have one in there so
we might as well add one.
We're not going to do anything with
it yet, but main.js in our js folder.
And we'll come back to
that when the time comes.
So let's just do a quick review here,
to make sure we've got everything.
We have our doc type,
we have all the necessary HTML tags,
we have some meta tags that we'll
be filling out here once we get
into WordPress in a little while from now.
We're referencing our
favicon in our images folder.
The title, got some HTML5 shiv and respond
js for those silly Internet Explorer
browsers, and then we've got our header
hero opt in, booster income section,
who benefits, yada yada yada, a bunch
of HTML section tags, HTML5 footer tag,
a div for our modal, and
boot strap, core JavaScript.
We added all that fancy,
schmancy stuff there.
Body, HTML, we're good.
If you just got that far and
you survived good job, you're awesome.
See you in the next lecture,
where we're going to be
installing the free icon fonts,
Font Awesome.
See you there.
[MUSIC]